Build a Sales endorsement page to celebrate people success.

Link to figma file: https://www.figma.com/file/Hz7HNtjYqUDrd6eaAgntdr/We-are-the-Champions-(Copy)?type=design&node-id=0-1&t=6ubHTOHEuOPvsHLe-0

The App focus
1.Build from scratch using figma design
2.Use Firebase realtime database from Google
3.App needs to update in real time
4.add a from and to input feild
5.Reverse order of endorsements so that most recent endorsement goes to the top of the feed
6.add likes feature to endoresment, make sure it can only be selected once.
7.Final step is make it scalable to desktop

HTML Setup
1.added Logo for tilte tab
2.created a header section for the main logo and App tilte
3.Created 2 sections, 1 for input fields and the 2nd for the endoresment feed
4.Add css link in head
5.added js script in head with defer and type module for importing and exporting.
6.Added input text area's to section 1 with class and placeholder
7.Added button for submitting endorsement
8.Adjusted Main section to have sperate div for from and to input for display settings in css

CSS Setup
1.set the setting for the page - margin, padding, box sizing, use-select.
2.Imported goolge fonts
3.applied display flex to body and flex direction of column
4.Set flex on header with direction of column
5.Centered header elements with justify content
6.Applied styling to logo
7.Applied styling to H1
8.set display settings on input section ot flex, with set max-width and margin auto for centralising.
9.Applied margins, padding, border-raduis, color, text alignment to input-section.
10.Change Main input from input to textarea to align text at top of input area. could not find a work round in input for text align that would work.
11.applying colour and text sizing to input fields.

Feed section
1.Set H2 heading for feed - applied size, font family, weight & text-align
2.Endorsements will be dynamically created in JS

JS Setup
1.setup firebase
2.access elements in dom
3.function set up to clear input fields
4.saved each input value to let
5.saved each let with input value stored to object and then pushed to firebase database.
6.setup HTML to be added to feed section.


additional CSS setup
1.Set endorsement boxes - Font sytling, margins, padding

Additional JS setup
1.Setup up onValue to capture snapshot from firebase.
2.setup array to hold data from firebase with snapshot values
3.Revesed order of array with reverse() method so that new next was add to the top of the feed.
4.Add Likes counter and Heart Logo
5.Create like function so that it up updates firebase and flips the booleen each time heart is clicked.

Main Learnings from project:
01. Setting up firebase data base
02. Uploading, retriving data from firebase
03. removing aan object from and array
04. Struggled with if statement and fliping booleen. Eventually got it through trail and error. I even used chat GPT but this was unable to identify that the order was wrong and would not allow the function to work. Humans are still needed.lol
